BD-2797 Edit user permissions (#6850)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/administrative/app_settings/manage_your_braze_users/user_permissions.md

## Editing user permissions

To edit a specific user's permissions, either by assigning permissions to the default **Limited** role or changing the user to an **Administrator** role, do the following:

1. Go to the **Company Users** page. 
2. Click the edit icon in the user's row.

> 3. Select or deselect the **This user is an admin** checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To make a user an admin, select **This user is an admin**. To demote an admin to a limited role, clear the checkbox.
```
